docs: add docker-compose setup for single instance of zookeper and kafka (#116)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-kafka: README.md

$ docker-compose up -d
```

> ### Docker Compose for Most Developers

Reviewer: This is currently inside the section `Connecting to other containers`, I'm not sure it's the best location for this section.

I think that inside `Configuration`, if the title is changed to "Kafka development setup example" it could make more sense.

> Most Kafka development stage can be done using one instance of Zookeper and Kafka, here's how to configure one via docker-compose file.

Reviewer: Once changed the title and location, we could rephrase this:

```suggestion
To use Kafka in a development setup, create the following `docker-compose.yml` file:
```

And then, afterwards:

    To deploy it, run the following command in the directory where the `docker-compose.yml` file is located:
    
    ```
    docker-compose up -d
    ```

```yaml
version: "3"
services:
  zookeeper:
    image: 'bitnami/zookeeper:latest'
    ports:
      - '2181:2181'
    environment:
      - ALLOW_ANONYMOUS_LOGIN=yes
  kafka:

>     hostname: 'kafka'

Reviewer: In this case, the hostname is redundant:
```suggestion
```
